'''
   # 1. Handling Partial Fills 📉
Your code assumes that when you place an order, it will either fill completely or fail. The reality is that market orders on crypto exchanges, especially with larger quantities, often get partially filled.

For example: you place an order to sell 5 BTC, but the exchange can only find buyers for 3 BTC at the current best price. Your order will be partially filled for 3 BTC, and the remaining 2 BTC might be left in an open order or canceled. This leaves your portfolio in an unbalanced state (you've sold 3 BTC but haven't bought any on the other exchange). If the other leg of your trade fills, you'll be left with a partial loss and a mismatched portfolio. You need to build a strategy to handle this, such as:

Unwinding the trade: Immediately canceling the remaining open order and executing a counter-trade to rebalance your assets.

Waiting for the rest of the fill: Leaving the order open and monitoring it, but this is risky as the price can move against you.

Without a strategy for partial fills, a single failed leg of a trade can lead to a net loss that is much larger than the potential profit from the arbitrage opportunity.

   # 2. Fund Management and Rebalancing 🏦
Your code assumes you have the required balances on both exchanges to make the trades. What happens after a successful trade? You've now moved capital from one exchange to the other.

For instance, if you successfully bought BTC on Exchange A and sold it on Exchange B, you now have more BTC on Exchange B and less on Exchange A. If the next opportunity is to buy on Exchange B, your bot won't have enough capital to execute the trade.

A complete model needs a fund rebalancing strategy. This usually involves:

Monitoring balances: Constantly checking the balances of all assets on all connected exchanges.

Transferring funds: Having a process to move funds (e.g., USDT) from one exchange to another to ensure you're always ready for the next trade.

Using stablecoins: Trading pairs involving stablecoins like USDT or USDC makes rebalancing simpler, as you only need to manage the flow of one asset instead of two.

Without this, your bot can only execute a limited number of trades before it runs out of the necessary capital on one of the exchanges.

   # 3. Latency and Opportunity Freshness ⏱️
Your code correctly tracks latency and freshness. However, simply tracking it isn't enough; you need to use this information to make decisions. An arbitrage opportunity that was profitable a millisecond ago might not be now, due to a new order coming in or a price change.

A truly robust system would have a hard-coded maximum latency threshold. If the market data for either exchange is older than, say, 50-100 milliseconds, the bot should immediately cancel the trade attempt, regardless of how profitable it appears. This prevents you from executing a trade based on stale information that could lead to a loss.

Your code is an excellent core component for a trading bot, but the missing pieces are crucial for converting it from a theoretical engine into a safe, reliable, and continuously profitable machine. The difference between a simple script and a professional bot is not just finding opportunities, but safely managing risk and capital when the unpredictable happens.
'''


'''Managing Fund Management and Rebalancing for a crypto arbitrage bot is crucial for long-term profitability and risk mitigation. Your code currently lacks this, so here is a breakdown of how to implement it.

Why Rebalancing is Essential
Arbitrage trading is inherently unbalanced. A successful trade moves your capital from one exchange to another. For example, if you buy 1 BTC on Exchange A using USDT and sell it for USDT on Exchange B, you now have less USDT and more BTC on Exchange A, and less BTC and more USDT on Exchange B. Over time, your funds will become heavily concentrated on one side of a pair (e.g., all BTC on one exchange, all USDT on another), making it impossible to find and execute new opportunities.

The goal of fund management is to ensure your bot can always make a trade by maintaining the right amount of base and quote currency on each exchange.

Step-by-Step Fund Management Strategy
A complete fund management and rebalancing strategy involves several key components:

   # 1. Initial Capital Allocation
Before your bot starts trading, you need to manually deposit the initial capital onto both exchanges. The best practice is to split the capital in a way that allows for trades in either direction. For a simple BTC/USDT pair, you would deposit roughly half your total capital as USDT on each exchange and the other half as BTC on each exchange. This allows you to either buy or sell on either exchange from the start.

   # 2. Real-time Balance Monitoring
Your bot must constantly fetch and monitor its current balances on all connected exchanges. This is not just a one-time check; it should be part of the main trading loop. For example, you can periodically call your exchange APIs to get your current wallet balances for all relevant assets.

   # 3. Defining a Rebalancing Threshold
You need to set a rebalancing threshold. This is a pre-defined point where the bot's funds become too imbalanced, triggering a rebalancing action. A good threshold could be a percentage deviation. For example, "if the USDT balance on Exchange A drops below 30% of its initial value, initiate a rebalance."

   # 4. The Rebalancing Transaction
When the threshold is met, the bot must execute a series of transactions to move funds. This is where the complexities and risks of crypto transactions come into play.

Choose a Transfer Asset: You need to decide which asset to use for rebalancing. Stablecoins like USDT or USDC are usually the best choice because they are less volatile than cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin or Ethereum. This minimizes the risk of price changes during the transfer.

Withdrawal and Deposit: The bot must perform an API call to withdraw funds from one exchange and another API call to deposit them into the other.

Wait for Confirmation: This is the most dangerous part of rebalancing. On-chain transfers are not instantaneous. The bot must wait for the transaction to be confirmed on the blockchain before it can be considered complete on the destination exchange. Your bot should be programmed to pause trading for the affected pairs until the funds have arrived and been credited to the destination account. Without this pause, the bot might attempt a trade it can't execute, leading to a critical failure.

5. Backstopping with a Minimum Balance
You should implement a minimum balance rule. If any of your asset balances on an exchange fall below a certain level (e.g., the minimum amount required for a trade or withdrawal), your bot should stop trading that pair immediately. This prevents the bot from getting "stuck" with insufficient funds to even initiate a rebalance.'''


Final Recommendation

For broad arbitrage possibilities (altcoins + liquidity):
Platform 1: Binance
Platform 2: KuCoin

For high‑security fiat and blue-chip crypto focus:
Platform 1: Binance https://github.com/binance/binance-spot-api-docs/tree/master/testnet
Platform 2: BYbit https://bybit-exchange.github.io/docs/v5/ws/connect